hello friends this is Ron and welcome in
my channel photo show of photography and
Lightroom I mean the Photoshop cs6 and
today I will teach you about how to use
Nik software and it's a Nik software
beginner tutorial those are new to Nik
software then I will tell you how to use
this Nik software so I'm in this 40 up 6
and I have this image and I have only
one layer to use Nik software firstly
you have to install it and it's a plugin
and you can download it and install on
your computer when you install it will
ask you whether it is connected to
Lightroom or Photoshop you can mark both
photoshop as well as Lightroom so NIC
software is installed in my computer and
I have choosen this layer then I will go
to filter all Nik software comes under
the filter so I will go to this filter
then firstly I will smooth this image by
applying portraiture tool I will apply
smooth portraiture tool to this image
now the image is ready to use with the
Nik software then I will go to again
filter then Nik software then you have
this color if ex-pro for then I will
click on this now a new window is
available for me to use all Nik software
filters as you can see in the left panel
all filters and this is the
specification of each filter suppose if
I am working with the landscape then
there is a landscape filters and reading
filters architecture travel portrait
nature and favorite all type of filters
are available if I am working with this
portrait so portrait filters are
available for this image so it said when
don't you what filter you want to use
and suppose firstly I will go to
landscape then I have this filter detail
extractor I want some details as you can
see this is a few more well if you mark
this and if you unmarked this this is
before and this is after I have used
this this detail extractor and then
washing with the detail extras are
available here detail expected contrast
saturation I want a little bit more
contrast saturation as well and 30 I
want to tail extractor and then I will
go to Indian summer I want this special
effect Indian summer I will choose this
second option I one thing I want to tell
you that I have choose this filter
suppose this is Indian summer effect on
this image then I will click if I want
to add more filter to this image and
then you have to click on this add
vector otherwise if you directly click
on this then it will disappear without
perfect so I will again click on this
and then this time again I have I will
use this detailed extractor as you can
see and then again add filter then I
will apply few more I don't want this
tonal contrast I will try now I have
applied three filters on this image
first is Indian sir month and second is
detail extractor and third is tonal
contrast so I want only these three
filters on this so then this time I will
click OK it will take two minutes to
apply this effect on the image now the
effect is available on the new layer
this is before hand and this is after
now you can apply in more factor say you
want so I will increase its contrast now
I will apply few adjustment of
participant Photoshop ideas man layer
then I will increase its contrast then
again go to this color balance I'm in
the mud mid-tones choose then
okay as you can see this effect and
moreover I will go to levels I want wig
netting around this fill it with black
this mask click down click on this now
you will desaturate as you can see the
netting is there to more focus in the
center so this is before and this is
after and it's a very good to end nice
effect nice summer effect by using Nik
software thank you friends for watching
this video